# Mentor Meeting Agenda
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 18 March 2024, 12 to 1 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** To ask any final questions about assessment 1 and discuss next steps  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Rohitash Chandra
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Agenda Items

Who | Question
---- | ----
Doug | Advice on [model architecture diagrams](https://github.com/mango-unchained/Team-K---ZZSC9020-Capstone-Project/blob/main/Architecture.ipynb) for the proposal. Is it too simplistic or overlooking anything? Should the diagrams in the final project go into more detail?
Tom | What proportion of the final submission should be the literature review? Out of, say, 30 pages, how many pages should the review be?
Doug | The week two material on Moodle suggests that, after we submit assessment 1, we should be focusing on the literature review and developing a strategy for imputing missing data. Is there anything else we need to be doing at this point?