# O-Week Meeting Agenda
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Friday 8 March 2024, 1 to 1.40 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** To meet each other and discuss our first steps for the project.  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Appointments
- **Facilitator:** N/A  
- **Minute taker:** N/A  
- **Timekeeper:** N/A  

The meeting was casual and how we would manage the project and meetings was discussed throughout.

## Agenda Review

None was performed, as the agenda was written after the meeting to maintain records.

## Adoption of the previous minutes

N/A

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Introductions | Everyone to introduce themselves and give some detail on their academic background.
Allocate roles | A data science team should include a research lead, a data analyst, and a project manager. Discuss who will take the lead in each of these areas.
Brainstorm | Discuss the project and how we may proceed.
Choose group leader | One person should be the group leader who is responsible for ensuring all efforts integrate into a coherent project. Allocate this role.

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Allocate roles | All | It was decided that Tom would be the research lead, Doug would be the data analyst, and Daniel would be the project manager. The positions are somewhat aspirational at this point, and specific responsibilities will continue to be discussed going forward. <br> **Consensus** |
Brainstorm | All | • We discussed what sort of model we may like to use. As we’re all data science students, we agreed a model requiring less domain knowledge would be prudent and thought machine-learning would be the right focus. Doug offered to take the lead on modelling, which was accepted. <br> • We discussed other data that we may wish to bring into the analysis. Tom suggested looking at rates of renewables and sun exposure per state, as different technologies may have a different relationship to demand. Reviewing the literature should make other options clear. We also discussed comparing previous forecasts to the actual results to look for trends in the errors. This may help to locate other potential factors that we could bring into the model. <br> • The scope of the energy demand figures are unclear. Is it for the region where temperatures were recorded, or for the whole state? Need to clarify this with Rohitesh. <br> • We agreed that we should book a time with Rohitash to discuss the project and modelling. <br>**Proposal:** Doug to report Rohitash’s availability to the team before we book a time. <br> **Consensus**  <br> • Given the amount of data and that it can’t be held uncompressed in GitHub, we expect that using a big data tool would be beneficial. Doug proposed MongoDB, as everyone has some exposure to it. <br>**Proposal:** Doug to set up a MongoDB cluster with our data and share it with the team. <br> **Consensus** |
Choose group leader | All | **Proposal:** Doug to be team leader. <br> **Consensus** |
Decide how to manage meeting agendas and minutes | All | **Proposal:** Doug to create templates for both and write up agenda and minutes for first meeting. Going forward, we will rotate minute-keeping responsibilities. Agendas will be open drafts editable by anyone who would like to add an item to the next meeting. <br> **Consensus** |

## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Report Rohitash’s availability to the team before we book a time. | Doug | ASAP |
| Update the GitHub repository with group member details. | Doug | ASAP |
| Set up MongoDB cluster, upload data to it, and give team members access. | Doug | ASAP |
| Write up agenda and minutes for this meeting and establish a template for both. | Doug | 15 March 2024 |

## Other Notes & Information

**Meeting closed:** 1.40 p.m.  
**Next meeting:** Friday 15 March 2024, 1 to 2 p.m.  


