# Week 2 Mentor Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 18 March 2024, 12 to 1 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** To ask any final questions about assessment 1 and discuss next steps  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Rohitash Chandra
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Agenda Items

Who | Question
---- | ----
Tom | Will the model still be considered multivariate if all features are engineered from one variable?
Doug | Is the three-pages limit for the project plan a hard limit?
Tom | What proportion of the final submission should be the literature review? Out of, say, 30 pages, how many pages should the review be?
Doug | The week two material on Moodle suggests that, after we submit assessment 1, we should be focusing on the literature review and developing a strategy for imputing missing data. Is there anything else we need to be doing at this point?
Doug | Can we store things like code and plots in the GitHub repo, or is our use of it restricted to the provided folders?
Tom | Is focusing on three models a good idea?

## Discussion Items

Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
Will the model still be considered multivariate if all features are engineered from one variable? | Tom | Yes. It may or may not be helpful, though, as the model may accommodate this already. 
Is the three-pages limit for the project plan a hard limit? | Doug | Yes. Add everything additional into an appendix.
What proportion of the final submission should be the literature review? Out of, say, 30 pages, how many pages should the review be? | Tom | It depends on how it applies. Rohit's papers usually have around $\frac{3}{15}$ pages on background. We will also need 20 or more references for the final report, but 30-40 would also fine.
The week two material on Moodle suggests that, after we submit assessment 1, we should be focusing on the literature review and developing a strategy for imputing missing data. Is there anything else we need to be doing at this point? | Doug | The Moodle stuff are not strict guidelines of what we should be focusing on. What we're doing now depends on our group and plan.
Can we store things like code and plots in the GitHub repo, or is our use of it restricted to the provided folders? | Doug | It's flexible and you're free to use it as you like.
Is focusing on three models a good idea? | Tom | It depends what else you're doing. Don't do too many things, but you should be able to handle that.