# Week 2 Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 22 March 2024, 1 to 2 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly catch-up to discuss our progress and anything outstanding and coordinate our efforts for the next week.  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Doug Smithers
- Daniel Sartor

## Appointments
- **Facilitator:** Doug  
- **Minute taker:** Daniel  
- **Timekeeper:** Doug  

## Agenda Review

No additions.  
**Consensus**

## Adoption of the previous minutes

**Consensus**

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda review | Go over the agenda and add any additional items.
Adoption of previous minutes | Review the previous minutes and correct any inaccuracies.
[Planner review](https://tasks.office.com/unsw.edu.au/en-AU/Home/Planner/#/plantaskboard?groupId=93fb52d4-afc0-45d1-ba1c-d36d026f86cc&planId=DcDuLJxs-0q7Ndw15EU4NMgAFLtO) | Go through the Planner tasks to report any updates.
Looking into preprocessing and feature engineering. | Updates from Daniel 
Continue model exploration. | Updates from Doug 

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Feature engineering and pre-processing |  Daniel | The feature engineering and model pre-processing will be carried out in 3 phases: Initial definition of time-based features, implementatation of method to populate nulls and feature selection using an analysis of variables method.
Feature engineering and pre-processing |  Daniel | Due to the volume of data the feature engineering and pre-processing will be carried out in MongoDB to leverage Mongo's compute instead of local compute.
Feature engineering and pre-processing |  Doug | To maintain the kurtosis of the data it may be a good idea to investigate more advanced method for populating NULL values than simply the mean
Continue model exploration. | Doug | The general components of the model will be built out for the LSDM and MLP models due to them being simpler than the 1D-CNN model. Once the core structure is in place (inc. preprocessing pipeline) then it can be expanded for the 1D-CNN model. 


## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Looking into preprocessing and feature engineering. | Daniel | 29 March 2024 |
| Investigate methods for populating null values. | Daniel | 29 March 2024 |
| Investigate methods for feature selection | Daniel | 29 March 2024 |
| Continue literature review. | Tom | 6 April 2024 |
| Continue model exploration. | Doug | 29 March 2024 |


## Other Notes & Information

**Meeting closed:** 2.00 p.m.  
**Next meeting:** Thursday, 28 March 2024, 1 to 2 p.m.  

