# Week 1 Meeting Agenda
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 15 March 2024, 1 to 2 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly catch-up to discuss our progress and anything outstanding and coordinate our efforts for the next week.  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Appointments
- **Facilitator:** Daniel  
- **Minute taker:** Doug  
- **Timekeeper:** Tom  

## Agenda Review

No additions.
**Consensus**

## Adoption of the previous minutes

**Consensus**

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Introductions | Record who is present and allocate appointments.
Define roles | Define roles and responsibilities for each member of the team with proper justification.
Mentor meetings | Schedule weekly group meetings with course conveyor.
Software | Establish teamwork software list (with proper justification, short description of tools chosen, and example(s) of use): <br>a.	Project Management: GitHub (mandatory). <br>b.	List-making applications: Trello, MS Planner, Jira, other. <br>c.	File sharing: Dropbox, SeaFile, OneDrive, Google Drive, other. <br>d.	Collaborative editing: Overleaf, Colab, Replit, other. <br>e.	Organise Group meetings: Teams, Zoom, Teams, Discord, Slack, other. <br>f.	Oral presentation: Beamer, Powerpoint, Zoom, Screencast-O-Matic, Prezi, RShiny, other.
Assessment 1, Part A | Discuss and plan before final submission on Tuesday.
Assessment 1, Part B | Discuss and coordinate before final submission on Tuesday.

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Define roles | All | As previously discussed, Tom is the research lead, Doug is the data analyst, and Daniel is the project manager. Tom felt that his greater familiarity with this area best placed him to lead our research. He was also eager to take this role. Doug felt that his skill with Python best placed him to take on the data analyst role, whether he would focus on the code, data, and modelling. Tom was happy to take the project manager role and felt well-equipped to manage those responsibilities. In addition to these tasks, he will be looking into feature engineering to expand on the data provided. As a data engineer, he has significant skills and experience for this task. |
Mentor meetings | All | We agreed that a weekly meeting with Rohit on Mondays would be ideal. |
Software | All | Establish teamwork software list (with proper justification, short description of tools chosen, and example(s) of use): <br><br>a.	Project Management: GitHub. <br><br>GitHub is mandatory, but we all have reasonable experience with it. We will use it to store our documents (with some exceptions) and coordinate many of them between ourselves. For instance, exploratory data analysis done in a Jupyter Notebook can be easily reviewed by everyone by pushing the notebook to the repo. <br><br>b.	List-making applications: MS Planner.<br><br> Planner was selected because Doug has used it extensively for years, and we all agreed it would suffice. One way we use it is to list our actions from the meetings so we can report on our progress at the next meeting. <br><br>c.	File sharing: MongoDB and Teams.<br><br> We will use MongoDB to share the data. As well as cloud storage, MongoDB is an excellent big data tool that we can use to run calculations on larger datasets more efficiently. For instance, MongoDB allows for much faster manipulations and aggregations of the forecasting dataset. For other files, we will add those to our Teams channel, as we have already begun to do. Teams is an excellent option because we can sync the directory with our OneDrive and access the files locally. For instance, the practical notes from the literature review are stored there for easy access. <br><br>d.	Collaborative editing: Overleaf. <br><br> We agreed to manage our written work in Overleaf, starting with the Project Plan. Overleaf is an excellent option because we can review our collective work in real-time. $\LaTeX$ is also an excellent report-writing tool in general but especially when paired with Python: any visualisations or tables in Python can be output in a $\LaTeX$-friendly format, allowing for a pipeline from our code directly to the report. <br><br>e.	Organise Group meetings: Teams. <br><br> As with file management, we already use Teams, and it is well-suited to this task. Scheduled meetings sync with our calendars, and discussions in our meetings are recorded for later reference. Additionally, it provides an auditable record of our participation. <br><br>f.	Oral presentation: Excel or Tableau. <br><br> At this point, we are still determining which to select and have delayed this decision until we have discussed it further. Excel is a good presentation tool that has built-in features for recording presentations. However, Tableau is a better visualisation tool and allows for more powerful presentations. It can also connect to our MongoDB cluster. Unfortunately, it lacks features for recording presentations, but we are considering recording audio to play over the visual presentation it produces. We will continue this discussion at a future meeting.|
Assessment 1, Part A | All | Assessment 1, Part A	All	This is coming along nicely. Tom has almost completed the literature review and just needs to add the final details to some references. Doug needs to finalise the methods section and should have that done in a day or two. Daniel needs to finalise the Gantt chart for the activities section and plans to have that done by Saturday or Sunday. Once this is all done, Doug will complete the final grammar check to ensure consistency across the document. |
Assessment 1, Part B | All | Previous discussions have already decided much of the checklist. We went through it together to ensure we all agreed, which we did on everything except the oral presentation software. |

## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Looking into preprocessing and feature engineering. | Daniel | 29 March 2024 |
| Continue literature review. | Tom | 6 April 2024 |
| Continue model exploration. | Doug | 29 March 2024 |
| Final edit of assignment 1.A. | Doug | 19 March 2024 |
| Add agenda for Monday's Mentor meeting to the repo. | Doug | 16 March 2024 |


## Other Notes & Information

**Meeting closed:** 2.00 p.m.  
**Next meeting:** Friday, 22 March 2024, 1 to 2 p.m.  

