# Week 3 Mentor Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 25 March 2024, 12 to 1 p.m.  
**Meeting Purpose:** To ask any questions arising over the previous week.  
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Rohitash Chandra
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Agenda Items

Who | Question
---- | ----
Doug | Should we restrict ourselves to simpler models simply to save time, or are we expected to use more sophisticated models?
Doug | How much time and space are we expected to devote to hyperparameter experimentation.
Doug | Is there any expectation of which metrics we use?
Doug | Is next week's meeting on Easter Monday going to run?

## Discussion Items

Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
Should we restrict ourselves to simpler models simply to save time, or are we expected to use more sophisticated models? | Doug | The modelling expected will take some time, and 45 mins is not a huge amount of time to spend fitting a model. To speed things up, each team member can run a different model from the script and report the results, or we can utilise a cloud service like Google Colab or Katana. 
Should we be recording the weights after fitting the model | Doug | This is unnecessary. Simply recording the final metrics would suffice or the metric history for each epoch.
How much time and space are we expected to devote to hyperparameter experimentation. | Doug | Experimentation with hyperparameters should not be a focal point. We will at least need to spend one page reporting our hyperparameters and maybe some extra pages on experiments if we have time.
Is there any expectation of which metrics we use? | Doug | This should come from the literature review. Both MAPE and RMSE are commonly used, but we should be able to cite some papers to justify our choice.
Is next week's meeting on Easter Monday going to run? | Doug | We need to book on Tuesday for next week. 







