# Mentor Meeting Agenda
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday 11 March 2024, 12 to 12.30 p.m.

**Meeting Purpose:** To seek advice on starting the project

**Meeting Location:** Teams

## Attendees
- Rohitash Chandra
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Questions | • What economic data should we be using? <br>• What are the expectations for the project plan? <br>• Is the 36-page limit scaled down for our smaller group?

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
What economic data should we be using? | Doug/Tom | None at this point. The focus for now needs to be on building and comparing different models (at least two; i.e. univariate vs. bivariate or deep learning vs. ensemble). We can worry about including more data later. |
What are the expectations for the project plan? | Doug/Tom | We'll need eight to ten references, including one or two on machine or deep learning review papers, noting the most appropriate methods or architectures. We should also include papers on energy-load forecasting and climate change. A paragraph on the motivations for this research should be included. |
Is the 36-page limit scaled down for our smaller group? | Doug/Tom | The page limit is only a guideline. A visualisation-dense report may be subsnantially longer, and a terrible report could still reach 36 pages. We should focus on the quality of the report and not worry about the page limit. If ours is shorter, though, our smaller group will be factored into our marks. |